Qín Fēng
You really have the guts
To come here alone
Let them go
Stop pretending
You’re just an adopted son of the Qín family
What?
You really
Think you’re the heir to the Qín family?
The state I’m in today
Is all because of you
Now
I’ll take everything back, step by step
Make your move
Stop!
Stop it!
Don’t move!
Or else
I’ll kill them
Fù Jiā Háo!
You just found some people to pose as my parents
You think I’m stupid?
Look closely!
This is the most authoritative hospital in Dōng Hǎi
This is the blood relation certificate they issued
Proving your blood ties
Why should I believe you?
And you, Fù Jiā Háo
Have you realized your mistakes?
If not, I won’t let you off!